IMAGE URL

https://nypost.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/11/democratic-rep-brad-sherman-denies-115513708.jpg?resize=1152,1536&quality=75&strip=all

HEADLINE SUMMARY

Dem Sherman denies porn

PAGE HEADLINE

Democratic Rep. Brad Sherman denies looking at porn on flight, blames X algorithm for salacious pics on iPad

MAIN STORY

The algorithm has gone wild!

Democratic Rep. Brad Sherman denied looking at porn on a flight after photos of him staring at racy images on his iPad went viral — instead blaming his algorithm for serving up the scantily clad shots.

Sherman spoke out after a fellow passenger snapped pictures of the California congressman, showing him ogling salacious images at full brightness of women wearing nothing but their bras and underwear.

The shocking photographs were shared Friday by the X account “Dear White Staffers,” which accused Sherman of looking “at porn on his iPad during a flight.”

The post racked up more than 13.7 million views in 24 hours.

But Sherman, in a Saturday statement, pointed his frisky finger at Elon Musk, accusing the billionaire xAI owner of flooding his feed with the steamy snaps.

“This was nothing more than scrolling through Twitter — and unfortunately Elon Musk has ruined the Twitter algorithm to give people content that they don’t ask for or subscribe to,” a spokesperson for the 71-year-old lawmaker told The Post.

The Los Angeles native — who introduced an article of impeachment against President Trump in 2017 — told Punchbowl News the risqué shots popped up on his “For You” feed, an algorithm-driven stream of recommended content on the social media platform, as he cruised through his cross-country flight.

During the interview, Sherman repeatedly denied looking at porn or having any issues with pornography.

“If you have to fly across the country, you look at a lot of stuff on your tablet,” Sherman charged.

“I must’ve looked at more than 1,000 posts,” he said, adding “If i see a picture of a woman, might I look at it longer than a sunset? Yeah.”

