IMAGE URL

https://nypost.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/11/driver-holding-alcoholic-bottle-driving-115502917.jpg
HEADLINE SUMMARY

Driver crashed trying to urinate

PAGE HEADLINE

Driver with prior DUIs crashed into another car while trying to urinate into beer can

MAIN STORY

A Montana man with four prior impaired-driving convictions told police he slammed into another vehicle because he was trying to pee into a Budweiser can while behind the wheel, according to a probable cause affidavit.

James Howard, 53, was arrested Nov. 8 after his Chevrolet Suburban plowed into the back of a Volkswagen at an Interstate 90 exit ramp in Missoula, the affidavit, which was posted by the news site The Smoking Gun, states.

“I’m going to jail for a f–king long time,” Howard, who had been driving with a suspended license, told the arresting officer.

Montana Highway Patrol Trooper Van Kerkove spotted Howard holding a large Budweiser can in his right hand when he arrived at the Grant Creek Town Pump gas station just after 9 p.m. local time on Nov. 8.

Van Kerkove also noticed that Howard had wet his pants and was alleged to have slurred his speech while his breath reeked of alcohol, according to the affidavit.

Both drivers had pulled over to the gas station in Missoula after their crash, which resulted in no injuries, the affidavit read.

Howard then moved the beer can into the center console of his vehicle, according to the document.

When Van Kerkove asked for it, Howard handed it over and said it contained urine, not suds. He told the trooper he’d rear-ended the other car while attempting to relieve himself into the can, the affidavit read.

The Volkswagen’s driver, Scott Drury, told officers he had exited I-90 and stopped at a light on North Reserve Street when he saw headlights approaching rapidly in his rearview mirror.

He “told his girlfriend to brace for impact” before the vehicle was hit, the filing notes.

Van Kerkove reported a “strong smell of alcoholic beverage coming from Howard’s breath,” and that Howard’s speech was “slow and slurred,” according to the affidavit.

The trooper also noted that “Howard’s pants were wet with urine.”

Howard stated he had consumed one beer. He also said he had “more than a couple of DUIs” and was not supposed to be driving.

Howard did not agree to perform the walk-and-turn or one-legged-stand tests, stating, “I just can’t do it,” according to the filing.

A preliminary alcohol screening test showed Howard had a breath alcohol concentration that was more than three times Montana’s legal limit, it was alleged in the document.

A check of Howard’s criminal record showed one impaired-driving conviction in North Dakota earlier this year as well as three others in Montana in 1994, 1995 and 2007.

